3.1.6 Use Case 6 (Buying a voucher)

Users can buy a voucher by clicking the buy button stated in section 3.1.4. When a user click on that button, 
new page loads. It contains information of the ways the voucher can be paid, e.g. debit card, credit card, etc. 
When the voucher is paid, new page loads. It contains unique ID of the voucher, as well as a print button. When clicked 
on, users can print their vouchers or save a pdf file with the voucher on their computers.

3.1.7 Use Case 7 (Registration for new users)

For using the full functionality of the website, users should register. This can be done by filling registration 
form which can be accessed by clicking small text on the right side of the registration field named “registration 
for new users”. When clicked, new page loads. Users are able to choose from two options. The first one is for standard 
users and the second one is for company clients.

3.1.7.1 Use Case 8 (Standard user registration)

If standard user registration option is chosen, a new page loads. It contains various fields for users to fill e.g. 
first name, last name, username, password, e-mail address and phone number. On the bottom of the screen there is a 
button named “register”. After all the fields are filled and the register button is clicked users should receive an 
e-mail with conformation link. When the link is clicked, the registration is finished and users have full access to 
the website.

3.1.7.2 Use Case 9 (Company clients registration) 

If registration option for company clients is chosen, a new page loads. It contains fields for users to fill, e.g. 
company name, username, password, e-mail address and phone number. On the bottom of the screen there is a button named 
“register”. After all the fields are filled and register button is clicked users should receive an e-mail with 
conformation link. When clicked the registration is finished but company clients do not have full access to the 
functionality of the website yet. When the website is loaded again, a new “apply for partnership” message appears 
right below the main upper tab. When clicked, a new page loads. Users can find a message form which have to be filled 
in order to apply for partnership. Under the message field, a user agreement link can be found. Right under the agreement
 link there is a checkbox with text next to it stating “I understand and accept the user agreement”. Users have to click 
on the checkbox and then they are able to send their request. If approved, company clients become partners and are able 
to place their voucher offers on the website.

3.1.8 Use Case 10 (Placing voucher offers)

When company clients are accepted in the program and become partners they are able to easily place voucher offers 
on the website so that everybody can see them (even not registered users). In order to do that, they should click 
on their profile tab in the main upper tab and then click on the “place an offer” button. When the button is clicked, 
new page loads. It displays many options to choose from, e.g. how much time till the offer expires (the user can choose 
between 24, 36 and 48 hours), section for uploading pictures (at least one is mandatory), information section (should 
provide information about the service/product) and price section. After all the fields are filled and all options are 
selected, users click “place your offer” button, which is located on the bottom of the screen. After that the new offer 
should appear on the website in less than 24 hours.
